# Test-Boss: Test Report Suite

Test-Boss is a service that manages projects, test lists and test reports. It allows you to create multiple test lists and test reports per project, and all of them are accessible for all users that are included in the same account.

The idea is to have a centralized place to manage all your test lists and test reports. Imagine you have a project `Foo` and you have a team of testers working on it. Each tester can have their own test list with the tests they are responsible for testing. Once they finish testing, they can generate a test report for their test list, and the report will be saved on the service.

Also, you can have different test lists for different environments, like `Foo-Staging` and `Foo-Production`. Each test list can have its own test reports.

Test-Boss also allows you to compile the test reports by an user or by automated end-to-end tests. The service also provides an API to save the automated test report generated by the CI/CD pipeline.

Test-Boss also has a nice Web UI to view and manage all the test lists and test reports.

## Features List

- Viewing the list of all projects
  - Possibility to filter projects through the search bar
- Project detail view
  - project information
  - "test-list" list
  - "test-report" list
- "test-report" detail
  - list of associated "test-results"
    - Display:
      - executed/not executed status
      - passed/failed
      - flaky
      - automatic test
      - executors
  - Possibility to update "test-results" with information, tests added and tests removed in the associated "test-list" compared to when the "test-report" was created/updated

- API access management
  - possibility to generate tokens:
    - name
    - token key 1
    - token key 2
  - token rotation
    - creating a second token, the first one is deprecated but still functional
    - creating a third token, the second one is deprecated, the first one is deleted
